better late than never Yeezy boost 750
here we have them let's go ahead and
check them out starting with that
outsole you got that off-white outsole
with the crazy pattern detail same
detail goes up on the midsole as well
you got your little foam hit right there
in the middle of course you got your
adidas logo in on that midsole going up
the whole upper is a gray suede very
soft very good quality on the side of
course you have this side zip I heard a
lot of complaints of people saying the
zipper was breaking and stuff like that
so far I personally haven't had any
problems you got that black zipper with
the grey little plastic pull tab on that
course your velcro hit at the top
stitching right down the back panel I've
seen a lot of people including like
Trinidad James who dyed his pair yellow
dye their pairs I'm actually thinking
about doing the same and if I don't I'm
also thinking about adding a little
strip of something I'll kind of say that
so when I do it to go down this back
panel just to add a little something to
the shoe next up you got your little
rubbery plastic pad right there with
your normal canvas strap and then of
course you got your three stripes there
and I'm pretty sure I saw it I'm
guessing you get the adidas logo and I
think on the other pants all hey easy
logo so there's that different going on
it next up I have the laces that came on
it and I'm keeping them and the other
leases are off-white and they kind of to
me at least don't really match with the
shoe plus these places give it a little
bit more pop so there's that the insel
right there adidas Yeezy you got your
little sizing tag on this right there
the inner guts very comfortable I put
them on no complaints as far as that
absolute to much in them so we'll see if
comfort changes at all after like a full
day's wear well yeah overall definitely
really happy with them it's crazy
um at first they released those 9,000
pairs then they said everyone you know
everything be able to get them don't
worry
about it the next releases the online
release and in-store or even more lemon
it at least seemed like it and I don't
know if that's certain or not then size
six is just extremely rare if you look
on eBay
it's going like 4,000 to 6,000 stuff
like that
I did trade up on these in order to get
them
I didn't paid those prices so yeah a
little bit disappointed in that respect
I mean overall the way the shoes built
is very good but just the way that it
was you know put out there into the wild
not so happy about hopefully there's
more pairs when they do other colorways
definitely I'm sure there's many more
pairs when the low top drops which is
bound to be soon at this point and yeah
that's them the easy boost and really
happy to have them as always guys thanks
for watching make sure like subscribe
and comment and I'll be back with more
sneaker and collectible videos guys
peace